feat(no-v-text-v-html-on-component): add ignore namespace option (#2610)
vuejs/eslint-plugin-vue: docs/rules/no-v-text-v-html-on-component.md

```json
{
  "vue/no-v-text-v-html-on-component": ["error", {
    "allow": ["router-link", "nuxt-link"],
    "ignoreElementNamespaces": false
  }]
}
```

- `allow` (`string[]`) ... Specify a list of custom components for which the rule should not apply.

> - `ignoreElementNamespaces` (`boolean`) ... Specify whether to ignore the namespace restrictions for SVG and MathML elements, so that the rule should not apply. Default is `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `ignoreElementNamespaces` (`boolean`) ... If `true`, always treat SVG and MathML tag names as HTML elements, even if they are not used inside a SVG/MathML root element. Default is `false`.
```

</eslint-code-block>

### `{ "ignoreElementNamespaces": true }`

<eslint-code-block :rules="{'vue/no-v-text-v-html-on-component': ['error', { ignoreElementNamespaces: true }]}">

```vue
<template>
  <!-- ✓ GOOD -->

>   <g v-text="content" /> <!-- <svg> -->
>   <mi v-text="content" /> <!-- <math> -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <g v-text="content" /> <!-- SVG element not inside of <svg> -->
  <mi v-text="content" /> <!-- MathML element not inside of <math> -->
```
